I have not made major changes to the book. I have extended
and updated my story in the Introduction, and reorganized a little,
adding a chapter and taking out two others that no longer fit well.
Otherwise, I have simply reworked it a bit — adding, subtracting,
and editing to bring it more into alignment with my current views.
I have only modified it where I strongly felt it could be improved
or made more accurate.
At times, I had to fight the temptation to simply write a whole
new book on the same subject! I comforted myself with the
thought that readers interested in a more complete view of how my
ideas have evolved can easily find it in one of my newer works,
such as The Path of Transformation or Creating True Prosperity.
Those of you who have read Living in the Light in the original
version may notice a slightly different tone to the revised edition.
At the time I wrote the book, I was filled with youthful enthusiasm
for the power I was finding in these ideas and practices. A dozen
years later, I’m as enthusiastic and committed to these ideas as ever,
but I now have a healthy respect for the ongoing challenge of inte-
grating them into our daily lives. So you may notice a somewhat
humbler approach, acknowledging and honoring the complexities
of life and the human journey.
Whether you have read Living in the Light before and are curi-
ous to read the revised version, or are a first-time reader, welcome!
I hope you enjoy the book and find inspiration on your journey of
self-discovery.
At this point, the phrase living in the light has a
deeper and subtler meaning for me than before. It refers to the
consciousness and balance that comes into our lives as we become
aware of, accept, and express the many aspects of who we are,
including the parts that we may have feared and rejected.
When I wrote this book, the millennium change was still years
away. Now it is at hand, and the idea that we are creating a new
world seems more relevant than ever.
I would love to try or hear the sample audio your app can produce. I do not want to purchase, because I've purchased so many apps that say they do something and do not deliver.  

Can you please add audio samples with text you've converted? I'd love to see the end results.

Thanks!
I just haven't had to handle so many files at once before--global coverage at 30m resolution.  I am hoping to write code so ArcMap can download the data from the web, or, that there is an existing tool in the Toolbox.  I would prefer an existing tool in the Toolbox but can definitely learn if need be--I have some experience in R, though not with this issue.

 

Thanks for any help.@